Welcome back.
I want to take one video to discover thing that might trip up a lot of people when they're first starting
off with re-act remember re-act is only a new layer library thus re-act only enables you to build component
driven user interfaces and it has some solutions such as its own local state management and a simple
way to handle events to make interactions on our website happen.
But at the end of the day it's a simple library that helps with the view.
Once you start building large scale applications you need to add on top of react.
The power of re-act comes from this ability to tack on new features new libraries to it in order to
customize it to your own liking to your own app.
So as applications grow or you start working for a large company you'll see them use some other tools
on top of that and I wanted to go over quickly some of the ones that are the most common common to see
out there.
We first have re-act router and that is for routing.
So changing pages and changing routes in our RL It's pretty much the standard when it comes to any reactant
redux project.
So highly highly recommended.
Very easy to use.
Very easy to learn as well.
I'll take you a day and you can pick it off fairly easily.
You also have things like utility libraries and these are libraries that add to the current javascript
tools that you get out of the box.
So think of it as how it functions to javascript.
The most popular are Ramdass.
If you want to really keep the functional programming ideology a really really good library and there's
also the most popular low dash which again gives you actual tools that you can use with javascript you'll
want to think about styling with it react.
And again there's a number of tools that people use for styling there's glamorous which I really really
like.
There's styled components which again is very nice and quite similar to glamorous.
And then there's things like CSSA modules.
Let's say these three are probably the best to use if you want to tack on a smarter way to deal with
styles and react.
And again these are quite easy to pick up.
You can spend a day on them and get the hang of it.
Next we have something called the cats be dodgy.
And this is really really good for static web sites in react.
So that is simple tax based websites.
Actually if you go to the re-act documentation
their documentation is actually served with gaspy dodgiest because well they're just simple tasks spaced
pages.
That works really really well.
Then there's also next door.
AJ Yes extremely popular for server side rendered apps.
And that's something that we'll talk about when we get to the server side section and we'll actually
build a simple Next Slide G-S up but very popular and I highly recommend if you're building anything
server side next probably what re-act is known for and I just picked two options here but there are
so many out there.
Re-act is really really good because we're able to build reusable components.
So if I build a really cool calendar component I can put it online and other people can just grab that
component and use it in their projects as well.
So some of the bigger ones are material material UI components that again you can just use.
And there's also the semantic UI library that has a ton of Riak components that you can use.
Again another awesome reason to use reactor's these components that people share and you can just add
on to your website.
And then finally there's tools then make redux better more efficient.
You have things like we select They you'll see in most redox projects that help with something called
selectors and improve the performance of your apps.
You also have things like redux saga which which handles asynchronous actions and redux.
So think of it as a redux thank bought supercharged So as things get more and more complex you have
more and more asynchronous actions.
You might want to start looking at things such as re-asked saga.
It is a little bit complicated to learn it first.
And there's people that love it and hate it.
But definitely something that tries to solve the problem Wolf.
What do we do when we start getting bigger and bigger and bigger apps.
And then you also have something like immutable J.S. that you can use as a library to make sure that
your state remains immutable and enforce that among your developer teams.
Now I don't expect you to know every single one of these and use every single one of these in your projects.
As a matter of fact I want to caution against them and every time you add something ask yourself Do
I really need it.
What's the benefit that I'm getting out of this.
Because adding any library to our project adds extra weight adds extra javascript that we need to deliver
to the client.
So make sure if you're adding any of these things that you have a justifiable reason that actually improves
the value of your product.
And it also helps with the development.
So when you think of value you don't just think customers and users also think of developer teams and
people you work with are they going to benefit if you add immutable G-S to your codebase.
Or is the actual learning curve and the frustration that developers might have by using immutable worth
the safeguards that it might add to your project.
But anyway I wanted to emphasize that as a senior developer always consider pros and cons whether you
need something and if you do need something really analyze what is the best tool for the job.
I feel like a broken record.
I've said this numerous times but it is a really important concept so dont just add immutable jazz because
you read it in a blog post then everybody's raving about it.
Each project is different so you need to be able to make those decisions for yourself for your project
for your developer team.
All right enough talking for me I see in the next one Buh-Bye.